#Library design

This is not the first event sourcing library and it won't be the last. The purpose 
of this introduction is not a sales pitch, I build this library for my own use but 
if you can utilise it or learn from it, that's great. This introduction is an explanation
of how I've built this library and why it was done that way. You can probably skip 
this section if all you want to do is read how to build something using this library.

## Motivations

Why? When there are already so many event sourcing frameworks out there, why build 
another? 

Well, my key motivation for building this was performance. When I started
work on this, the only available framework for PHP was the broadway framework I 
studied the code for a while before realising that every command handler, projection
or event listener had to be instantiated (along with all their dependencies) each 
time the app booted. Perfectly fine for a small, simple app - or maybe something
based around micro-services, but if you had a reasonably large monolith, performance 
will take a hit with each new feature.

My secondary motivations were the sum of wanting to learn more about event sourcing 
and cqrs (what better way than building a framework, right?) and the lack of a good 
integration of broadway with Zend Framework 2 (My framework of choice)

That brings us onto a second question: why Zend Framework 2? This ties back to the 
original motivation: performance. Zend Framework has a couple of little features 
which gave it a slight edge over Symfony: separate service managers for different
types of service and config stored as an array. If I was to be lazy loading command
handlers or projections as needed, what better way than to have a dedicated service 
manager for them? Also, if all the event subscriptions were to be stored in config 
that config had better be efficient both to read and write. Array config ticks both
boxes: A dev's IDE can help out with creating the array config and opcache takes 
care of caching our static array with no further effort. (In addition, PHP 7's array
handling means you can share a copy over multiple processes, reducing memory usage)

## Concepts

Obviously, Event Sourcing and CQRS are key concepts you need to be able to grasp 
to make full use of this library, if you are unfamiliar with them, I suggest learning
a bit more before continuing. 

This library has been designed around the concept of the Actor model. At the highest 
level of abstraction, we have several classes of actor which respond to and send 
messages which in turn are responded to by other actors. The two key actors types 
in the system are Aggregates and Processes, they are supplemented by passive actors,
which do not send messages, Projectors and Event Listeners. There are also two different
types of message a Command and an Event. Aggregates receive Commands and produce 
Events whereas Processes receive Events and produce Commands.

In the Actor model, each actor is uniquely addressable and messages can be sent 
directly to a specific instance of an Actor; this is directly possible for 
Aggregates, a Command Handler is responsible for handling a Command message and 
correctly directing it to the correct Aggregate instance. Processes are a little 
bit more fuzzy as they co-ordinate across multiple aggregates and don't have an 
identifier of their own, instead they can be addressed by a combination of 
aggregate identifiers, Process Managers are responsible for routing Events to 
Processes. 

The Process handling part of the library is in my opinion quite weak at the 
moment, it is something I am aiming to improve over time. 

The rest of the library is focused around routing messages to the correct handlers 
and integrating into Zend Framework.